Rokt Audience Set to Publicly Available (#7214)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-rokt-audiences/index.md

5. On the **Settings** tab, enter the name of your destination. For example, `Rokt audiences – <audience name>`.

6. Enter your RPub, RSec, and Account id values in the integration. Your Rokt account manager can share RPub/RSec values
with you. Rokt Account ID can be found by following instructions [here](https://docs.rokt.com/developers/integration-guides/rokt-ads/account-id/#account-id).

7. Click **Save Changes**.

8. In the **Mappings** tab within the Rokt Audience destination, click **+ New Mapping** and select **Sync Engage Audience to Rokt** under the "Actions" tab.
Don't change any defaults.

9. Go to the **Settings** tab and select the toggle to **Enable** the destination.

10. Select your space, and navigate to **Engage > Audiences**. Select the source audience that you want to send to your Rokt Audiences (Actions) destination.

> 11. Click **Add Destinations** and select the Rokt Audience (Actions) destination you created.
> In the settings that appear on the right-hand side, toggle the **Send Track** option on and **Send Identify**.
> 
> 12. Within the same panel view, select "Default Setup". You may now hit  Click **Save** in the top right corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. Click **Add Destinations** and select the Rokt Audience (Actions) destination you created.
12. In the settings that appear on the right-hand side, toggle on the **Send Track** and **Send Identify** option.
13. Select **Default Setup**. 
14. Click **Save** in the top right corner.
```
